Do you have anyone to support
you during this pregnancy?
Yeah. My family's here.
I just moved
back to Toronto
after finishing
school in Vancouver.
My ex-boyfriend was
there and we broke up
before I knew
I was pregnant.
So, he has no idea, yet.
I do have an ex-girlfriend
here, though,
and she's really
been there for me.
So, do you feel
you have people
that will support you
during this pregnancy?
Yeah. Thankfully, I do
have a lot of support here.
We also have some prenatal
groups here at the clinic
that we can talk about
later if you're interested.
Sure. Also, I don't really
know exactly when I'm due.
And I think that might
help me to prepare.
Well, let's figure it out.
I need to know the date of
your last menstrual period.
Oh, okay.
So, it was February second.